W
I'll start talking
many people find
When did Cabral arrive here in Brazil?
coffee actually
The trip to get here in Brazil.
the acap is originating date
considering the pedestrian bands in the legs
consolidation
to inject into our civilization
more
for an hour
as the PT
so it's still a stain
so set me free
already passed through europe
/
to greece
colonization
He soon arrived in Brazil.
so here in Brazil
the best producing regions of brazil
south of mine 'closed of me
and high mogiana
stay on top of me
each region of the city
sisudo davis also several others
only decreased by about minutes
boy's notes
the same thing happens
farrah fawcett dead
the most
so this is ours
we have here
only athens
three more deaths
amen will be a great
the speech of each year
air
and we still have
in an interview
it's translated grain
equivalent to arrival
in the last month
predominates in the quality of coffee
such an attitude
with the title the diagnosis
a care at harvest time
so I kill one thick
so I can take action
but it is in the health of southwestern lisbon
the grain will have
the highest regions with the highest allocations
they are the one that has the most quality
Now we will show
What can be done on the farm?
the decision went well this time
However in Brazil
we have the privilege
or natural '
that the one that she dissipated in the photo
and it will have a high content of sweetness
already the same way
ps
we can not just need another example
is the jailer of coffee day
set to dry naturally
who needs it this way
What is going to stay this way?
and so will become a bit on the terreiro
already the natural cherry
yesterday waiting for natural '
I want to make a good cast.
to exemplify these two forms
The good thing is, I've stuck it in the foot.
this great event
I have later
the peeled cherry
You can see that they get more
What if I lost my
this parchment
Laide soares and sweetness
and it will not take as long as d
The city hall
how st
What are you going to fear?
and I arrived there
or should oscillate
that the deputy mayor like I am a monster
they are cancer that you take away totally year
to savers
In case of
depleted
Drs I'm going to play in pools.
or tanks
that it will have a 24-hour fermentation
What are you going to release?
that the sweetness and will remain
This period I will not absorb
after the sweetness of calcium
This is more acidic coffee.
this intermediary
he has the acidity to gain a little bit of his goods
not because the bulk of the south
such a fiercer holiday rest
thus
then this did not risk
the fermentation
the other human being
the cheese powder because I take it though
have backgrounds armed classic shape
then the one that does not have to be more careful then this team
is the safest
the most practical
and also once again tasty because he is the middleman
brito and in-laws
then each farm
today we talk about sick
patient may be doing different
or may be the same
or same
conilon coffee
of different days
the traffic was at the foot of the crossbar
besides much more expensive
everything that we imagine
at least in case house sink
The proposal is the
bets can do a good and then tired
with a plus or minus 70%
different than expected
Divided
15%
I voted in dilma in Ceará.
So whoever has twitter, I want to get there, it's a sweet lie.
an accident here
So I'll make some coffee and a gift.
we try
Have a coffee with
has features
a thousand sweet
in belgium more than the other
if you want to postpone them
you take the case it's separate
south of mine 'if there will be seven of them
mogiana people having caught ashura
and the cerrado we try with
so we can make a toast
rounder
with these characteristics in those
individually you will have individual characteristics of each
region